{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Got it \'97 you want the Ashoka case study to feel more like the Swiss Post one: professional, reflective, facilitative, and collaborative rather than overly heroic. The tone should highlight your role as a 
\f1\b connector and facilitator
\f0\b0 , while still showing the design and leadership skills you brought. Here\'92s a reframed version in that style:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Ashoka Global Brand Style Guide Case Study\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Framing the Challenge\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Ashoka is a nonprofit focused on social entrepreneurship, with nearly 40 offices worldwide. Over time, regional adaptations of the brand had led to \'93branching\'94: offices improvising logos, colors, and styles to meet local needs. Without a unifying reference point, Ashoka\'92s visual identity risked losing cohesion and recognition.\
Framing Question: How can a global organization with diverse cultural contexts maintain brand parity while allowing flexibility for local adaptation?\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  
\f2\i Image 1: Screenshots of existing style guide pages, showing scattered brand treatments.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Cultural Complexity\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Ashoka\'92s diversity meant that cultural and socio\uc0\u8209 political factors influenced branding in unexpected ways. In South Africa, for example, the traditional blue and orange palette carried negative connotations tied to Apartheid history. Local teams had adapted the brand to avoid these associations, but such changes underscored the need for a shared framework.\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  
\f2\i Image 2: Style guide pages illustrating logo dos and don\'92ts.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Facilitating the Process\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 In 2018, I joined Ashoka as a visual designer to help address this challenge. Guided by senior leadership, I convened communications leads from Spain, France, India, Egypt, the Philippines, Malaysia, and Singapore into what we called the 
\f2\i Branding Team of Teams
\f0\i0 . My role was to facilitate dialogue, broker consensus, and document the current state of the brand across regions.\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  
\f2\i Image 3: Style guide page on photography and imagery, showing how visual storytelling was standardized.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Building the Solution\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Through collaborative workshops and audits, we cataloged inconsistencies and regional adaptations. I used my design skills to compile examples into a digital PDF style guide \'97 a shareable, accessible tool that could travel easily across offices. Together, we established guidelines for color, typography, photography, and illustration, while also documenting flexible options for regions with unique cultural needs.\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  
\f2\i Image 4: Style guide page on color usage and grading of assets.
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 \u55357 \u56393  
\f2\i Image 5: Style guide page showing accepted fonts and typography specifications.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Outcome and Impact\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The resulting style guide became a living document \'97 not a rigid manual, but a framework for ongoing conversation. It provided a singular reference point for Ashoka\'92s brand, while respecting local nuance. By facilitating consensus and documenting best practices, the guide helped restore cohesion across continents and empowered offices to steward the brand more confidently.\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  
\f2\i Image 6: Style guide page explaining illustration rendering, underscoring the breadth of the system.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Discussion and Next Steps\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The style guide was designed to evolve. Future iterations would include:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ongoing feedback from country offices.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Updates to reflect new cultural contexts.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Expansion into digital platforms and social media assets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The project demonstrated how facilitation, design analysis, and collaborative leadership can bring parity to a global brand without erasing local voices.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55358 \u56988  Why this tone works\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Facilitative voice
\f0\b0 : \'93guided by leadership,\'94 \'93brokered consensus,\'94 \'93documented,\'94 \'93facilitated dialogue.\'94\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborative framing
\f0\b0 : emphasizes the 
\f2\i team of teams
\f0\i0  and shared process.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Design contribution
\f0\b0 : highlights your audit, compilation, and creation of the PDF style guide.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Impact
\f0\b0 : positions the guide as a living, evolving tool rather than a heroic fix.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u9989  This mirrors the Swiss Post case study tone: professional, reflective, collaborative, and strategic.\
Would you like me to also draft 
\f1\b short captions for each of the six images
\f0\b0  so they actively narrate the story (like \'93Logo adaptations in South Africa highlight the need for flexibility\'94) instead of just sitting as visuals?\
}